CSS Architecture & UI Overhaul Plan
Goal Description
The objective is to completely overhaul the visual design of the FinHealth Dashboard to match the provided static HTML reference files (overview.html and goal_planner.html). This requires replacing the current CSS architecture with a new, highly-polished, premium aesthetic based on the provided designs. The new design uses a warm "paper and ink" theme with elegant serif headings and clean sans-serif body text, utilizing strict global variables and typography rules.

User Review Required
IMPORTANT

The new design tightly couples the layout to a fixed sidebar (210px) and a specific HTML structure. We will need to refactor the React components (Layout.jsx, Sidebar.jsx, Header.jsx) to perfectly align with this structure.
The current implementation of Dashboard.jsx and GoalPlanner.jsx will be heavily refactored to use the new CSS classes instead of the old card, dashboard-grid, etc.
Do you want to preserve the existing mobile responsiveness logic (currently in index.css via @media (max-width: 768px)), or adapt it to the new design? The static HTML files do not contain explicit mobile breakpoints. I plan to adapt the existing mobile logic to the new CSS classes to ensure it remains usable on small screens. Please confirm if this is acceptable.
Proposed Changes
Global CSS Architecture (frontend/src/index.css)
We will completely rewrite index.css to implement the new design system.

1. Core Variables (The "Paper & Ink" Theme)
css
:root {
  --paper: #F7F4EF;
  --ink: #1C1A17;
  --ink-soft: #6B6760;
  --ink-ghost: #C4BFB8;
  --accent: #C4703A;
  --green: #2D5A3D;
  --red: #8B2626;
}
2. Typography
Primary Font: Outfit, sans-serif (Weights: 300, 400, 500, 600)
Heading Font: Playfair Display, serif (Weights: 400, 500)
Base styling: 14px size, 1.5 line height, lining-nums explicitly enabled for all metrics/scores/tables.
3. Layout Structure
.layout: display: grid; grid-template-columns: 210px 1fr; min-height: 100vh;
.sidebar: Sticky, 100vh, custom scrollbar.
.main: padding: 48px 64px; display: flex; flex-direction: column; gap: 64px;
4. Reusable UI Components
We will extract the recurring patterns from the HTML into generic utility classes in index.css:

Section Headers: .act-label (10px uppercase), .section-heading (24px Playfair)
KPI Grids: .kpis-grid, .kpi, .kpi-label, .kpi-value
Tables: .asset-table, .cashflow-table, .goals-table (clean lines, uppercase headers, 14px padding)
Tabs: .tabs, .tab (with .active state)
Badges: .status-badge, .type-badge, .priority-badge
Buttons: .btn-ghost, .btn-primary, .banner-btn (minimalist, Outfit font)
React Component Refactoring
[MODIFY] Layout & Navigation
Layout.jsx: Change wrapper class from app-main-content to .main. Ensure the div.layout wraps the Sidebar and main content.
Sidebar.jsx: Rewrite to match the elegant, vertically-dense sidebar design. Use .sidebar-brand, .sidebar-brand-sub, .nav-section-label, and .nav-item. Update user profile section to .sidebar-user.
Header.jsx: The new design uses page-specific headers or simple banners instead of a persistent top navbar. We may deprecate or heavily simplify Header.jsx.
[MODIFY] Core Pages
We will update the ClassNames in these pages to use the new CSS framework:

Dashboard.jsx: Implement the new Score Bar (.score-bar-wrap), KPI grid (.kpis-grid), Asset Table (.asset-table), and Cashflow Table (.cashflow-table) styling exactly as in overview.html.
GoalPlanner.jsx: Implement .page-header, .budget-row, .strategy-cards, .goals-table, and the detailed goal views (.goal-kpis, .alloc-bar-wrap, .breakdown-table) exactly as in goal_planner.html.
Investments.jsx, Liabilities.jsx, Insurance.jsx, Tax.jsx, Estate.jsx, Reports.jsx: Rewrite their layout structures to use the new .split-grid, .double-grid, .kpis-grid, and .asset-table classes to match the design language.
[MODIFY] Auth & Onboarding
Welcome.jsx, Login.jsx, Register.jsx: Apply the paper/ink color scheme, Playfair Display headers, and clean input styling.
Questionnaire.jsx: Overhaul the 10-step wizard. Use the new .btn-primary and .btn-ghost styles. Update form inputs to fit the elegant aesthetic (e.g., thin bottom borders instead of full boxes, if appropriate).
Verification Plan
Manual Verification
Visual Accuracy: Run the frontend locally (npm run dev) and compare each major page (Dashboard, Goal Planner) side-by-side with the reference HTML files to ensure pixel-perfect matching of typography, spacing, and colors.
Component rendering: Verify that dynamic data (like charts and tables in Dashboard/GoalPlanner) renders correctly within the new CSS structures.
Responsiveness: Test the layout on a resized browser window to ensure the mobile fallback logic works decently with the new classes.
Auth Flow: Click through Welcome -> Login -> Questionnaire to ensure the new styling didn't break functionality or readability.